com/cgogolin/penandpdf/NoteBrowserFragment.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.NoteBrowserFragment
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.NoteBrowserFragment$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.NoteBrowserFragment$1$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.NoteBrowserFragment$1$2
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.NoteBrowserFragment$1$3
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.NoteBrowserFragment$2
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.NoteBrowserFragment$3
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.NoteBrowserFragment$4
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.NoteBrowserFragment$5
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.NoteBrowserFragment$Purpose
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/LinkInfo.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.LinkInfo
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.LinkInfo$LinkType
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/ChoosePDFAdapter.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.ChoosePDFAdapter
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.ChoosePDFAdapter$1
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/SettingsFragment.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.SettingsFragment
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/OutlineItem.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.OutlineItem
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/LinkInfoInternal.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.LinkInfoInternal
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/BuildConfig.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.BuildConfig
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/RecentFilesFragment.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.RecentFilesFragment
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.RecentFilesFragment$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.RecentFilesFragment$2
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.RecentFilesFragment$Purpose
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.RecentFilesFragment$goToDirInterface
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/LinkInfoRemote.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.LinkInfoRemote
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/TextChar.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.TextChar
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/WidgetType.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.WidgetType
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/TemporaryUriPermission.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.TemporaryUriPermission
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.TemporaryUriPermission$TemporaryUriPermissionProvider
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/MuPDFAlertInternal.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFAlertInternal
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/OpaqueImageView.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.OpaqueImageView
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/PageView.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PageView
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PageView$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PageView$1Boolean
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PageView$2
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PageView$3
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PageView$4
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PageView$5
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PageView$OverlayView
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PageView$OverlayView$TextSelectionDrawer
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PageView$PatchInfo
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PageView$PatchView
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PageView$PatchView$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.TextProcessor
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.TextSelector
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/PenAndPDFContentProvider.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFContentProvider
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFContentProvider$RootInfo
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/FilePicker.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.FilePicker
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.FilePicker$FilePickerSupport
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/ReaderView.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.ReaderView
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.ReaderView$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.ReaderView$2
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.ReaderView$3
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.ReaderView$ViewMapper
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/PointFMath.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.LineSegmentCircleIntersectionResult
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PointFMath
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/MuPDFAlert.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFAlert
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFAlert$ButtonGroupType
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFAlert$ButtonPressed
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFAlert$IconType
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/SwipeFragmentPagerAdapter.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.SwipeFragmentPagerAdapter
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/CancellableAsyncTask.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.CancellableAsyncTask
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.CancellableAsyncTask$1
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/MuPDFReaderView.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFReaderView
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFReaderView$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFReaderView$2
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFReaderView$3
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFReaderView$4
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFReaderView$4$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFReaderView$5
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFReaderView$Mode
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/RecentFile.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.RecentFile
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/ChoosePDFItem.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.ChoosePDFItem
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.ChoosePDFItem$Type
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/ColorPalette.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.ColorPalette
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/FragmentPagerAdapter.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.FragmentPagerAdapter
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/SearchResult.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.SearchResult
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/PenAndPDFFileChooser.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFFileChooser
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFFileChooser$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFFileChooser$2
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFFileChooser$3
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/FileBrowserFragment.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.FileBrowserFragment
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.FileBrowserFragment$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.FileBrowserFragment$1$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.FileBrowserFragment$1$2
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.FileBrowserFragment$1$3
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.FileBrowserFragment$1$4
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.FileBrowserFragment$2
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.FileBrowserFragment$3
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.FileBrowserFragment$4
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.FileBrowserFragment$5
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.FileBrowserFragment$Purpose
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/PrintDialogActivity.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PrintDialogActivity
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PrintDialogActivity$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PrintDialogActivity$PrintDialogJavaScriptInterface
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PrintDialogActivity$PrintDialogWebClient
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/LinkInfoVisitor.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.LinkInfoVisitor
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/PointFSerializable.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PointFSerializable
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/CancellableTaskDefinition.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.CancellableTaskDefinition
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/SaveInstanceStateManager.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.SaveInstanceStateManager
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/TextDrawable.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.TextDrawable
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/Annotation.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.Annotation
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.Annotation$Type
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/TextWord.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.TextWord
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/SettingsActivity.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.SettingsActivity
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/LinkInfoExternal.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.LinkInfoExternal
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/MuPDFView.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.Hit
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFView
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/RecentFilesList.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.RecentFilesList
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/MuPDFPageView.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$10
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$11
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$11$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$12
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$13
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$14
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$15
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$16
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$17
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$18
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$19
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$2
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$2$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$20
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$3
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$4
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$4$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$5
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$6
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$7
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$8
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$9
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageView$9$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PassClickResult
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PassClickResultChoice
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PassClickResultSignature
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PassClickResultText
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PassClickResultVisitor
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.SignatureState
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/PenAndPDFCore.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFCore
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/MuPDFCancellableTaskDefinition.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFCancellableTaskDefinition
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/PdfThumbnailManager.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PdfThumbnailManager
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/SearchTaskManager.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.SearchProgressDialog
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.SearchTaskManager
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.SearchTaskManager$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.SearchTaskManager$2
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.SearchTaskManager$2$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.SearchTaskManager$2$2
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/MuPDFCore.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFCore
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFCore$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFCore$Cookie
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/MuPDFPageAdapter.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageAdapter
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.MuPDFPageAdapter$1
com/cgogolin/penandpdf/PenAndPDFActivity.java
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$1$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$1$2
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$10
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$11
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$12
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$12$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$12$2
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$13
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$14
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$15
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$16
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$16$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$16$2
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$16$3
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$16$4
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$17
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$18
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$19
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$2
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$20
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$21
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$22
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$23
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$24
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$25
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$25$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$26
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$26$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$26$2
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$27
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$28
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$29
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$3
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$30
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$31
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$32
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$33
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$34
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$35
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$36
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$37
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$38
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$39
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$4
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$40
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$41
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$41$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$41$2
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$42
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$42$1
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$42$2
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$43
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$44
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$45
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$46
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$5
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$6
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$7
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$8
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$9
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.PenAndPDFActivity$ActionBarMode
 com.cgogolin.penandpdf.ThreadPerTaskExecutor
